add learn Rust 101 guide to draft newsletter (#4241)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2023-04-12-this-week-in-rust.md

### Rust Walkthroughs

> - [A guide to aid you in your journey of becoming a Rustacean](https://github.com/plabayo/learn-rust-101/blob/main/README.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [A guide to aid you in your journey of becoming a Rustacean](https://rust-lang.guide/)
```

Hosting this guide now as a website as well.
